Update pnpm workspace example in docs to avoid edge cases (#2111)
aspect-build/rules_js: docs/README.md

### Using pnpm workspaces

> Here's an example `pnpm-workspace.yaml` file which will find all projects listed under `deeply_nested_project`, `users`, and `experimental`, based on the existence of a `package.json` file.

Reviewer: This line is out of date now

Author: My apologies. It's now updated.

> Here's an example `pnpm-workspace.yaml` file which will find all projects listed under `deeply_nested_project`, `users`, and `experimental`, based on the existence of a `package.json` file.
> 
> Make sure to place this file at the root of the repository.

Author: ```suggestion
Here's an example `pnpm-workspace.yaml` file which will find all projects under `apps` or `packages` at any depth, and anything directly under `tools`, based on the existence of a `package.json` file.

Make sure to place this file at the root of the repository.
```

```yaml
packages:

>   - 'deeply_nested_project/**'

Reviewer: WDYT of `apps/**`, `packages/**` (doublestars), `tools/*` (single star) and `.`?

Author: I personally don't prefer to organize top level projects by language or platform, but I know that's more familiar to the community, which will help with adoption. The one caveat is that I don't believe the `.` is necessary.
